<h1 id=" moduleNinja"> moduleNinja</h1><p><br> `moduleNinja` (also aliased as 'mn') is a JavaScript framework that makes the<br> creation of dynamic classes in JavaScript possible and easy. A 'dynamic class'<br> is a dynamicli generated and runned JS code that returns a function witch can<br> be used as a class (simularly to other languages). This means that the 'class'<br> will be put together in the runtime of the application, and not on it initialization.<br><br> Another moduleNinja feature of moduleNinja is getting the code of the created<br> module (the class) as a string. It can be used as a development tool (since<br> moduleNinja provides code with good quality).<br><br> moduleNinja can also create more complex modules, witch can contain multiple classes.<br> Althrough they are more complex, their creation is actually a lot simpler, since there<br> aren't a lot of options about creating them.<br><br> Last but not least - moduleNinja has a side feature that allows the user to easily<br> clone any kind of bojects. The clones are deep, and include references to the<br> functions of the original object. There's also a less sequre version of the cloner,<br> which will try to create a new instance of the constructor of the given object,<br> but it's use is not reccomended.<br><div><br><span class="comment">      // returns a new dynamic class (which is empty).</span><br><span class="comment">      // The finalized version can no longer be changed by moduleNinja.</span><br>      var</span> newClass = </span>mn.</span>class</span>(</span>)</span><br>          .</span>finalize</span>(</span>)</span>;<br><br><span class="comment">      // returns a new dynamic class (with a single property, named 'prop').</span><br><span class="comment">      // The finalized version can no longer be changed by moduleNinja.</span><br>      var</span> newClass = </span>mn.</span>class</span>(</span>)</span><br>          .</span>prop</span>(</span>'prop')</span><br>          .</span>finalize</span>(</span>)</span>;<br><br><span class="comment">      // returns the code of the exampleAbove.</span><br>      var</span> jsCode = </span>mn.</span>class</span>(</span>)</span><br>          .</span>prop</span>(</span>'prop')</span><br>          .</span>toString</span>(</span>)</span>;<br><br><span class="comment">      // returns a new complex module (which is empty)</span><br><span class="comment">      // The finalized version can no longer be changed by moduleNinja.</span><br>      var</span> module = </span>mn.</span>module</span>(</span>)</span><br>          .</span>finalize</span>(</span>)</span>;<br><br><span class="comment">      // returns a new complex module ( with a single public property named 'prop'</span><br><span class="comment">      // having an empty moduleNinja class as it's value )</span><br><span class="comment">      // The finalized version can no longer be changed by moduleNinja.</span><br>      var</span> module = </span>mn.</span>module</span>(</span>)</span><br>          .</span>public</span>(</span>'prop',</span> mn.</span>class</span>(</span>)</span>.</span>finalize</span>(</span>)</span>)</span><br>          .</span>finalize</span>(</span>)</span>;<br><br><span class="comment">      // returns a cloned object by the default moduleNinja cloner</span><br>      var</span> oldObject = </span>{ prop: 'value' }<br>      var</span> newObject = </span>mn.</span>clone</span>(</span>oldObject)</span>;<br><br><span class="comment">      // returns a cloned object by the complete moduleNinja cloner</span><br><span class="comment">      // this cloner is not as sequre.</span><br>      var</span> oldObject = </span>new </span>Date(</span>)</span><br>      var</span> newObject = </span>mn.</span>clone</span>(</span>oldObject,</span> true)</span>;<br>      var</span> success = </span>newObject instanceof </span>Date; // true</div></p>

<h1 id=" Why use moduleNinja"> Why use moduleNinja</h1><p><br> <strong>Classes</strong> - With this library you can easly create classes inside javascript.<br><br> <strong>Types</strong> - 'int', 'char', 'nonEmptyString', 'positiveNumber', etc... <br> there are several predefined validators, witch serve as types. It's also very easy to define your own validators.<br><br> <strong>Dynamical loading</strong> - the moduleNinja code is a valid javascript code.<br> The classes you write with moduleNinja will be created in the aplication's run time.<br> Tha class itself can depend on the application, instead of being predefined.<br><br> <strong>Result quality</strong> - The result of a moduleNinja class is a javascript code.<br> It is readable, works well and is very effective. It also enforces a certain style of code,<br> which (as the author believes) is a good one.<br> Every function uses chaining if possible. Every property has a getter/setter function. Etc...<br><br> <strong>Code readability</strong> - The code that you write with moduleNinja would also be readable and compact.<br> For example, the code bellol will create a simple class 'Human', with two names and age - every of them with it's<br> apropriate type.<br> The two names are to be passed as arguments on every object initialization and are required.<br> The age has a defoult value of 18.<br> Also, the human can say hallo, saying his first name and his age.<br><br>   var</span> Human = </span>mn.</span>class</span>(</span>)</span><br>        .</span>className</span>(</span>'Human')</span><br>       .</span>arg</span>(</span>'fName',</span> 'nonEmptyString')</span><br>        .</span>arg</span>(</span>'fName',</span> 'nonEmptyString')</span><br>         .</span>prop</span>(</span>'age',</span> 'positiveInt',</span> 18)</span><br>       .</span>function</span>(</span>'sayHallo',</span> function(</span>)</span>{<br>          return </span>'Hallo! My name is ' + this</span>.</span>fName(</span>)</span> + ' and I am ' + this</span>.</span>age(</span>)</span> + ' years old.</span>'<br>       })</span><br><br>      var</span> alex = </span>new </span>Human(</span>'Alexander',</span> 'Dinkov')</span>;<br><br>      console.</span>log(</span>alex.</span>sayHallo(</span>)</span>)</span>;<br><span class="comment">        // 'Hallo! My name is Alexander and I am 18 years old.'</span><br><br>      console.</span>log(</span>alex.</span>age(</span>22)</span>.</span>sayHallo(</span>)</span>)</span>;<br><span class="comment">        // 'Hallo! My name is Alexander and I am 22 years old.'</span><br><br> <strong>Fast file transfer</strong> - If you write 10 rows of code, instead of 100, then it's only natural<br> to expect your files to transfer faster through the internet.<br><br> <strong>Usable as a dev. tool</strong> - Even in&gt;the main idea is different, you can still use moduleNinja only as a developer tool.<br> Simply use the '.toString()' function instead of '.finalize()' which will return the code as string, without evaluating it.<br> Then place it in a file and use it dyrectly.<br><div></div></p>
